[RUMF-1419] RUM browser: document functions for matching (#15655)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/connect_rum_and_traces/_index.md

        clientToken: '<DATADOG_CLIENT_TOKEN>',
        ...otherConfig,
        service: "my-web-application",
        allowedTracingOrigins: ["https://api.example.com", /https:\/\/.*\.my-api-domain\.com/, (origin) => origin === "https://api.example.com"]
    })
    ```

    To connect RUM to Traces, you need to specify your browser application in the `service` field.

>     `allowedTracingOrigins` accepts Javascript strings, RegExp and function that matches the origins called by your browser application, defined as: `<scheme> "://" <hostname> [ ":" <port> ]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `allowedTracingOrigins` accepts JavaScript strings, regular expressions, and functions that match the origins called by your browser application, defined as: `<scheme> "://" <hostname> [ ":" <port> ]`.
```
